README.md, before:

# ProffieConfig 

<img align="left" src=/resources/icons/icon.svg width=200> 
  
All-In-One ProffieBoard Management Utility. 

Incorporates extensive configuration generation, compiling and applying changes to the ProffieBoard, the Serial Monitor, handles driver installation, and some sanity checks for good measure; All without the Arduino IDE. 

Using this tool, there is no need for dealing with the Arduino IDE, Zadig, etc. in an attempt to make using a Proffieboard as beginner-friendly as possible, while still retaining as much of the powerful customization which makes Proffie so popular.

## Getting Started

Head over to the [latest ProffieConfig release](https://github.com/ryancog/ProffieConfig/releases/latest), grab either the macOS or Windows (Win32) version, and run it! 

ProffieConfig will complete its installation and guide you through the setup and all of its features, so whether you're a first-time proffieboard user or have been around the block a few times, you'll be ready before you know it!

***NOTE:** ProffieConfig is relatively new software, and because I do not pay for an Apple Developer License or Microsoft Developer account I cannot "sign" the application, chances are something will tell you the program is unknown or "dangerous." See the info below about how you can address this if it comes up:*
- ***macOS:** Please visit this Apple Support page to read about macOS' security and how to launch unsigned apps [here](https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445)*
- ***Windows:** A SmartScreen dialog may pop up warning about the program origins, clicking "More Info..." and then "Run Anyways" should allow you to open the app.*

*The Chrome browser (and Chromium-based browsers) may block the program, which requires you to visit the "Show All Downloads" page to "keep" the file.*


## To-Do (Non-Exhaustive)
- Expand pre-checker capabilities (ongoing)
- Implement interface for `using` syntax (not just the ability to parse)
- Add blade nicknames
- Add warnings for soft config fails.
- Take over the world ;)

## Additional Info

- [COM ports >= 10 causing issues?](docs/com-ports.md)
- [Creating/Editing ProffieConfig's `pconf` files](docs/pconfs.md)
- [Building ProffieConfig](docs/build.md)

Commit message:

Add contact section to README

README.md, after:

# ProffieConfig 

<img align="left" src=/resources/icons/icon.svg width=200> 
  
All-In-One ProffieBoard Management Utility. 

Incorporates extensive configuration generation, compiling and applying changes to the ProffieBoard, the Serial Monitor, handles driver installation, and some sanity checks for good measure; All without the Arduino IDE. 

Using this tool, there is no need for dealing with the Arduino IDE, Zadig, etc. in an attempt to make using a Proffieboard as beginner-friendly as possible, while still retaining as much of the powerful customization which makes Proffie so popular.

## Getting Started

Head over to the [latest ProffieConfig release](https://github.com/ryancog/ProffieConfig/releases/latest), grab either the macOS or Windows (Win32) version, and run it! 

ProffieConfig will complete its installation and guide you through the setup and all of its features, so whether you're a first-time proffieboard user or have been around the block a few times, you'll be ready before you know it!

***NOTE:** ProffieConfig is relatively new software, and because I do not pay for an Apple Developer License or Microsoft Developer account I cannot "sign" the application, chances are something will tell you the program is unknown or "dangerous." See the info below about how you can address this if it comes up:*
- ***macOS:** Please visit this Apple Support page to read about macOS' security and how to launch unsigned apps [here](https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445)*
- ***Windows:** A SmartScreen dialog may pop up warning about the program origins, clicking "More Info..." and then "Run Anyways" should allow you to open the app.*

*The Chrome browser (and Chromium-based browsers) may block the program, which requires you to visit the "Show All Downloads" page to "keep" the file.*

## Contact

If you have any comments, questions, concerns, or otherwise want to get in contact with me, you can do so via the channels listed below. Note that for reporting bugs for the application itself, I'd prefer if you create an "Issue" on GitHub, though feel free to also reach out . I check all these places pretty regularly.

- [Email](mailto:kafrenetrading@gmail.com)
- [@Ryryog25 on Discord](https://discord.gg/HQmSrxezRs)
- [ryryog25 on The Crucible](https://crucible.hubbe.net/u/ryryog25/summary)

## To-Do (Non-Exhaustive)
- Expand pre-checker capabilities (ongoing)
- Implement interface for `using` syntax (not just the ability to parse)
- Add blade nicknames
- Add warnings for soft config fails.
- Take over the world ;)

## Additional Info

- [COM ports >= 10 causing issues?](docs/com-ports.md)
- [Creating/Editing ProffieConfig's `pconf` files](docs/pconfs.md)
- [Building ProffieConfig](docs/build.md)
